# Go API client for bmsdb

This documents the rest api bmsdb provides.

## Overview
This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [OpenAPI-spec](https://www.openapis.org/) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: v2
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Generator version: 7.4.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.GoClientCodegen

## Installation

Install the following dependencies:

```sh
go get github.com/stretchr/testify/assert
go get golang.org/x/oauth2
go get golang.org/x/net/context
```

Put the package under your project folder and add the following in import:

```go
import bmsdb "github.com/leaseweb/leaseweb-go-sdk/bmsdb"
```

To use a proxy, set the environment variable `HTTP_PROXY`:

```go
os.Setenv("HTTP_PROXY", "http://proxy_name:proxy_port")
```

## Configuration of Server URL

Default configuration comes with `Servers` field that contains server objects as defined in the OpenAPI specification.

### Select Server Configuration

For using other server than the one defined on index 0 set context value `bmsdb.ContextServerIndex` of type `int`.

```go
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), bmsdb.ContextServerIndex, 1)
```

### Templated Server URL

Templated server URL is formatted using default variables from configuration or from context value `bmsdb.ContextServerVariables` of type `map[string]string`.

```go
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), bmsdb.ContextServerVariables, map[string]string{
	"basePath": "v2",
})
```

Note, enum values are always validated and all unused variables are silently ignored.

### URLs Configuration per Operation

Each operation can use different server URL defined using `OperationServers` map in the `Configuration`.
An operation is uniquely identified by `"{classname}Service.{nickname}"` string.
Similar rules for overriding default operation server index and variables applies by using `bmsdb.ContextOperationServerIndices` and `bmsdb.ContextOperationServerVariables` context maps.

```go
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), bmsdb.ContextOperationServerIndices, map[string]int{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": 2,
})
ctx = context.WithValue(context.Background(), bmsdb.ContextOperationServerVariables, map[string]map[string]string{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": {
		"port": "8443",
	},
})
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://api.leaseweb.com/internal/bmsdb/v2*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*BmsdbAPI* | [**GetServerHardware**](docs/BmsdbAPI.md#getserverhardware) | **Get** /servers/{serverId}/hardwareInfo | Show hardware information
*BmsdbAPI* | [**GetServerHardwareScan**](docs/BmsdbAPI.md#getserverhardwarescan) | **Get** /servers/{serverId}/hardwareScans/{hardwareScanId} | Show a hardware scan
*BmsdbAPI* | [**ServersHardwarescansList**](docs/BmsdbAPI.md#servershardwarescanslist) | **Get** /servers/{serverId}/hardwareScans | List hardware scans


## Documentation For Models

 - [ErrorResult](docs/ErrorResult.md)
 - [GetServerHardwareResult](docs/GetServerHardwareResult.md)
 - [GetServerHardwareScanListResult](docs/GetServerHardwareScanListResult.md)
 - [GetServerHardwareScanResult](docs/GetServerHardwareScanResult.md)
 - [HardwareScan](docs/HardwareScan.md)
 - [Metadata](docs/Metadata.md)
 - [Results](docs/Results.md)


## Documentation For Authorization


Authentication schemes defined for the API:
### ApiKeyAuth

- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: X-LSW-Auth
- **Location**: HTTP header

Note, each API key must be added to a map of `map[string]APIKey` where the key is: X-LSW-Auth and passed in as the auth context for each request.

Example

```go
auth := context.WithValue(
		context.Background(),
		bmsdb.ContextAPIKeys,
		map[string]bmsdb.APIKey{
			"X-LSW-Auth": {Key: "API_KEY_STRING"},
		},
	)
r, err := client.Service.Operation(auth, args)
```

### OAuth2


- **Type**: OAuth
- **Flow**: application
- **Authorization URL**: 
- **Scopes**: N/A

Example

```go
auth := context.WithValue(context.Background(), bmsdb.ContextAccessToken, "ACCESSTOKENSTRING")
r, err := client.Service.Operation(auth, args)
```

Or via OAuth2 module to automatically refresh tokens and perform user authentication.

```go
import "golang.org/x/oauth2"

/* Perform OAuth2 round trip request and obtain a token */

tokenSource := oauth2cfg.TokenSource(createContext(httpClient), &token)
auth := context.WithValue(oauth2.NoContext, bmsdb.ContextOAuth2, tokenSource)
r, err := client.Service.Operation(auth, args)
```

### BearerAuth

- **Type**: HTTP Bearer token authentication

Example

```go
auth := context.WithValue(context.Background(), bmsdb.ContextAccessToken, "BEARER_TOKEN_STRING")
r, err := client.Service.Operation(auth, args)
```


## Documentation for Utility Methods

Due to the fact that model structure members are all pointers, this package contains
a number of utility functions to easily obtain pointers to values of basic types.
Each of these functions takes a value of the given basic type and returns a pointer to it:

* `PtrBool`
* `PtrInt`
* `PtrInt32`
* `PtrInt64`
* `PtrFloat`
* `PtrFloat32`
* `PtrFloat64`
* `PtrString`
* `PtrTime`

## Author

development-networkautomation@leaseweb.com

